Add progress messages to LGTM download option. (#960)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Remove line about selecting a language from the dropdown when downloading database from LGTM. This makes the download progress visible when the popup is not expanded. [#894](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/issues/894)

Reviewer: Please remove this duplicated line.

- Add progress messages to LGTM download option. This makes the two-step process (selecting a project, then selecting a language) more clear.

> 

Reviewer: And there is an extra newline here.

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Add progress messages to LGTM download option. This makes the two-step process (selecting a project, then selecting a language) more clear.
> - Remove line about selecting a language from the dropdown when downloading database from LGTM. This makes the download progress visible when the popup is not expanded. [#894](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/issues/894)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add progress messages to LGTM download option. This makes the two-step process (selecting a project, then selecting a language) more clear. [#960](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/960)
- Remove line about selecting a language from the dropdown when downloading database from LGTM. This makes the download progress visible when the popup is not expanded. [#957](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/957)
```

Very minor suggestion: Let's link to the pull request (rather than the issue), for consistency with the rest of the changelog entries 😃
